# CS_370_Current-Emerging_Trends_in_CS


 # Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
  In the TreasureHunt project, I developed an AI pirate whose goal is to navigate a maze to find the treasure using reinforcement learning. The project initially included code that helped support the initial framework of the game, along with the maze and the enviroment for the pirate to interact with. I was responsible for creating the reinforcement learning algorithm, which included coding the particular logic that would motivate the pirate to learn froms its actions and environment while gradually improving its strategy to successfully locate the treasure. The code in this project was primarily implemented using deep Q-learning, which is a reinforcement learning technique that enabled the priate to makes decision based on learning from previous actions and outcomes. The pirate was eventually successful in locating the treasure and was able to achieve a 100% success rate in fewer epochs that determined as a part of the program. This illustrates the AI pirates ability to effectively learn from its environment and previous actions and highlights the utilization of reinforcement learning in certain problems. 

 # Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:
 #  What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
   Computer scientists are responsible for the design and development of tools and applications that help solve problems. Computer scientists often use algorithms to help build these applications while also incorporating other elements as the improvement of articial intelligence and machine learning in general. This project acts as a primary example of how a computer scientist might approach the solution of a specific problem while also leveraging tools such as artificial intelligence. Reinforcement learning in general helps scientists understand machine learning and how its applications can be further applied to solve more sophisticated problems in today's society. As research and development of AI rapidly evolves so does its ability to learn from all of the data that it is provided, thus evolvoing at a accelerated rate. This characteristic of AI makes it a fascinating subject in the world of computer science and also highlights the need for sohpisticated technology to assist in the automation and application in today's world. 

 # How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
  Approaching problems as a computer scientists involves understanding exactly what the problem is and then further breaking it down into more manageable steps. This allows you to focus on one smaller problem at a time and makes it easier to solve the problem as a whole. Through understanding the individual components of the problem a computer scientists might be able to apply their version of the scientific method and development solutions to the individual problems through gradual testing and development. For instance, in the example of the TreasureHunt project, my understanding of what the pirate was trying to achieve and the environment it was going to interact with enabled me to conceptualize how the problem might be solved. By repeatedly trying different variables I was able to optimize the pirate's decision-making process. This eventually led to the pirate successfully reaching the treasure and solving the maze due to its ability to efficiently learn from its environment. 

#  What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
 In computer science, the ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization are equally important. It’s vital that computer scientists keep ethical implications in mind during the design process and incorporate principles that protect both the end user and the organization. For instance, developing applications that are safe, reliable, and protective of user privacy are crucial factors to consider. The potential for implicit biases in AI can have harmful effects on both the end user and the organization. In the case of the Treasurehunt game, the use of reinforcement learning warrants consideration of potential negative impacts. Keeping these factors in mind, my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization require me to write code that is fair, clean, and safe, with both parties in mind during development. 
